Awaiting go live: DOCS-3371: Amazon Pay (#2473)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/chargebacks.md

By offering credit card payment methods, you agree to the cardholder rights guaranteed by the card schemes.

# Amazon Pay chargebacks

> If an Amazon customer requests a chargeback from their bank or credit card issuer for an Amazon Pay payment, Amazon Pay will notify you by email. If you do not respond within 11 calendar days, then Amazon Pay will automatically debit the chargeback amount from your Amazon Payments merchant account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an Amazon customer requests a chargeback from their bank or credit card issuer for an Amazon Pay payment, Amazon Pay notifies you by email. If you do not respond within 11 calendar days, then Amazon Pay automatically debits the chargeback amount from your Amazon Pay merchant account.
```

Author: Amazon specifically says in their Docs "Amazon Payments merchant account" so I'll apply the suggestion bar that.
